Minor tweaks to radio and classmate pages for 2020 (#384)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/driverstation/imaging-your-classmate.rst

.. note:: Veteran teams are not required to re-image their classmate

> This document describes the procedure for creating a bootable USB drive to restore the FRC image on a Classmate computer. If you do not wish to re-image your Classmate then you can start with the appropriate document for C++\Java, LabVIEW, or DS only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the procedure for creating a bootable USB drive to restore the FRC image on a Classmate computer. If you do not wish to re-image your Classmate then you can start with the appropriate document for C++/Java, LabVIEW, or DS only.
```

.. note:: These images only install the prerequisite core FRC software, it is still necessary to install the FRC specific updates. See the Update Software step for more information.

> .. warning:: Due to computer availability, the E14 image provided is the 2018 images. If using this image, teams may have to remove the old IDE (LabVIEW or Eclipse) and install the new IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: Due to computer availability, the E14 image provided is the 2018 image. If using this image, teams may need to remove the old IDE (LabVIEW or Eclipse) and install the new IDE.
```
